feat(vite): add `elm` support (#417)
antfu/unocss: packages/vite/README.md

You have a `Vite + Solid` example project on [test/fixtures/vite-solid](https://github.com/antfu/unocss/tree/main/test/fixtures/vite-solid) directory.

### Elm

> You **must** add the `vite-plugin-elm` plugin before `UnoCSS` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to add the `vite-plugin-elm` plugin before UnoCSS's plugin.
```

> The `UnoCSS Inspector` will not show your `elm` source code (`http://localhost:3000/__unocss/`), instead will show the compiled output.

Reviewer: No need for this line

```ts
// vite.config.js

> import { defineConfig } from "vite";
> import elmPlugin from "vite-plugin-elm";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { defineConfig } from 'vite'
import elmPlugin from 'vite-plugin-elm'
```
